so this section here is referred to as a short
loin for many of you might be asking the
question well if this is a short loin what's
a long loin? a long loin would have this the
sirloin or the top sirloin attached to this so if
i had a top sirloin here this whole thing would be
referred to as a long loin with the top sirloin
removed this is referred to just as a short loin
it is made up of two major muscle groups we have
our tenderloin and then underneath it we have
our striploin and they are connected with
with half of the spine vertebrae right here
where the tenderloin is the fattest this
particular region is referred to as the tournedo
region of the tenderloin this particular
region of our short loin if I were to cut
steaks from it these steaks
would be referred to as
porterhouse steaks where the tenderloin
is a medium size but starting to taper
these particular steaks if I were to cut steaks
from it would be referred to as just t-bone steaks
and where the tenderloin is now is not there
these would be referred to as either bone-in striploins
or wing steaks so we have a wing steak a
t-bone steak and then we have a porterhouse steak